# Contributing
Contributions are welcome, and can consist of code, documentation, artwork, or data. Please read [Developers](http://bezitopo.org/developers.html) and join the mailing list.
## Coding style
I've been working on Bezitopo for over twelve years, and my coding style has changed. The current indentation is two spaces; tab characters (optional) are every eight columns. But you may see other styles in some files.
New classes are usually with each word capitalized (e.g. `RenderCache`). But there are many uncapitalized classes still in the code.
## Units
All measurements of physical quantities for which an SI unit exists are in coherent SI units **except**

- local angles and some global angles are in fixed-point binary with 0x80000000 meaning 2π;
- area on the globe, when computed as angle excess, is in the same fixed-point binary format;
- volleyball coordinates are in fractions of the earth's radius as projected onto a cube.

In file formats created for Bezitopo, the same units should be used, regardless of what units the program displays in.
## Testing
When writing a new feature which can be automatically tested, write a test. Some test conditions cannot be written until the code is working. In this case, write the output of the test to a file (most of the PostScript files generated by `bezitest` are this kind of file), inspect it, and write the test condition.
When writing code to read a file, fuzz it, so that the program is highly unlikely to crash when fed a file of that format, malformed or not. I use [American Fuzzy Lop](https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/AFLplusplus).
## Licensing and copyright
Bezitopo is licensed under the LGPL, except `transmer` which is GPL-licensed because of FFTW. Make sure that new contributions are LGPL-compatible. If they are code, put the licensing text at the top of the file; for artwork, put it in the `.qrc` file.
If your employer or university could claim copyright over your contribution, be sure that they are fine with the code being released under the LGPL.